Expand on Growth company value and add initiatives and resources (#4495)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/company/values.md

### Continuously grow

> You strive to continuously grow and learn by genuinely soliciting feedback early and often, and humbly reflecting on your past mistakes.
> 
> We value growth at Sourcegraph in the form of continuous learning:
> 
> - We actively seek out learning opportunities instead of avoiding them.
> - We identify gaps in our knowledge and share them openly and honestly.
> - We adopt a growth mindset.

Reviewer: The first sentence here lists two things, but then we follow up with more things, which feels a bit weird and is maybe duplicative. It kind of feels like the first summary sentence needs to change.

Other minor points
- align on "You" vs "we"
- `We adopt a growth mindset.` feels like a circular definition, so recommend removing it

```suggestion
You strive to continuously grow and learn.

- You genuinely solicit feedback early and often.
- You humbly reflect on past mistakes.
- You actively seek out learning opportunities instead of avoiding them.
- You identify gaps in knowledge and share them openly and honestly.
```

> Here are some ways that we support learning, teaching, and knowledge-sharing at Sourcegraph:

Reviewer 2: I'd add our 360º peer review cycles as a major point here, I think they're a big pillar of continuous growth and open feedback culture 🙂 

Also regular retrospectives (which we have a handbook page for too I think) which are a big part of continuously improving as teams and blameless culture.

Reviewer 3: @cassiemelani

Reviewer 4: Great idea @felixfbecker - I'll add some things here!
